feat: support nodeclaim drift on CA bundle (#9083)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/preview/upgrading/upgrade-guide.md

WHEN CREATING A NEW SECTION OF THE UPGRADE GUIDANCE FOR NEWER VERSIONS, ENSURE THAT YOU COPY THE BETA API ALERT SECTION FROM THE LAST RELEASE TO PROPERLY WARN USERS OF THE RISK OF UPGRADING WITHOUT GOING TO 0.32.x FIRST
-->

### Upgrading to `1.12.0`+

{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}
Karpenter `1.1.0` drops the support for `v1beta1` APIs.
**Do not** upgrade to `1.1.0`+ without following the [Migration Guide]({{<ref "../../v1.0/upgrading/v1-migration.md#before-upgrading-to-v110">}}).
{{% /alert %}}

> * This version adds support for [drift on CA bundle](https://github.com/aws/karpenter-provider-aws/pull/9083). Upgrading will initiate drift due to a change in the hashing behavior.

Reviewer: I'd also link out to the drift section of the docs here. I updated the wording from initiate to marked since initiate implies that it will begin rolling the nodes, but it will only roll the nodes so long as other controls allow. 
```suggestion
* This version adds support for [drift on CA bundle](https://github.com/aws/karpenter-provider-aws/pull/9083). The updated hashing logic will mark existing nodes as drifted.
```
